to this computer just in case double
record all right
hi everybody welcome back from holiday
everybody that was gone this is our
first devil hands of the new year I
think a lot of people are out but we
will go ahead and get going did you do
if you can add your name to the
attendees list at the top of the notes
I'll just read paste that in chat in
case anybody missed it and Alan's up
first he is not here a bunch of stuff
with ipfs take a look at the notes
there's something he is blocked on with
control signals I can probably help try
to take a look at that he's asking for
help so I will try to take a look at
that this week
next up Bosco
so the last times I finished the i-beam
aspect Steven reviewed it and I fix the
problem yourself and it is a merged so
now we are finally that I can expect
rather then Alan who did this week last
week I've been assigned a changer of
reviews and I solved everything as well
in the and then in the lipids besides I
have the fear for the ligature freedom
and clients it is almost ready I just
need to make find and final punishment
and then I will ask a review to Jacob to
finish that and then I opted with a lot
of PRS and reviews for updating the
dependencies and with the problem of the
Stack Overflow for the new release of
Jessica fest so for this week I need to
do this in preparation for the Liberty
to be team week that will be next week
in person and then I have an issue with
CAD HJ that's all in the found out and
if basically we don't have in chest went
the limits for the number of peers we
have connected as there is in Dolan's
and I will fix this hopefully this week
and then I will also create a PR with
the first set of interruptus for
ellipticity as we now have the demon
client and both payments for GSN go
there's everything for me any questions
so on the discover limits are we is a
problem the memory consumption of
editing multiple open connections is
that the women that we want to impose or
so according to to the change log in go
yes it's because of the memory limits
and they they set a low low watermark in
the high watermark and in the changelog
they have that those values should be
analyzed afterwards in order to check if
they are good or not but i think they
didn't have further analysis so for now
i think we we should go as they have and
after that we probably should get some
time to check if they're the best films
or not so go ipfs and I think just have
a pencil or just a few peers as well it
was in the middle I peered row it's on
the connection manager you just like um
default and so it should be just like
you having like just enabling it the
connection manager is like when you turn
it on sounds like rate tracking all the
traffic which like the performance team
already has identified as like a huge
time waster so I definitely check into
that module the other thing is like the
waited to go ipfs this is the connection
closing is very naive it's like oh I
know no connections like it seems that a
hundred hours ago now was like and so
like if there is a way for okay well I
understand right now we talked about
shipping and like then like we can do
this as future work for the next version
but like it will be very interesting
plug in the camera HD to keep
connections to multiple parts
the three so they're like when you are
searching for a new key you like what
you don't like slide yourself to like
one side of the tree and like every time
you have to go to the city that's like
establish a bunch of connections it
would be good to have like a very well
distributed finger tie well yeah I
totally agree I can at least create an
issue to track that and again I check
the connection manager it should be just
like switching a flag but I'd be where
like the connection manager will also
try to measure all the traffic that goes
through every single connection open and
that probably should be disabled for for
this these guys okay yeah I will have a
look things abroad
oh no the question for Vasco next up is
me all right
last week finished resolving a stack
overflow issue we were having in the JSI
PFS tests which was being caused by a
lot of synchronous code being called an
async code so we need to keep an eye out
for that
I do have an outstanding PR in bit swap
that should be good to go if vocally you
could take a look at that this week that
would be helpful we'd like to get that
in the DOE 34 release for JSI PFS caught
up on PRS over the holiday last week
also met with Mateo
Bosco Allen and who go to go over the
switch multi stream and Plex
coordination so we created a
presentation for that to try to help
with documentation but we also talked a
lot about em Plex performance and how
Ketan we can make that better over time
so we'll be looking at that this week
gonna finish prepping for the PDB team
week next week
most of the look not sure if rush go and
I will be on this call next week we'll
try to make it if we can but just FYI
that's where we will be and then also
going to finish up the limb PDB crypto
interface work for correcting
key exports so we can get that into the
PDB keychain to block the
unblock you types and then I'll finish
up the initial PR work for the J Aslam
p2p demon make questions free I have one
suggestion and say no one question so I
also with the questions first on the M
Plex as any work towards converting or
treating a version of my experiencing
generators or all that work hasn't been
done yet
okay so just that in mind when I copped
amaizing em Plex like you probably well
then do it for the new version the
suggestion is given that like you will
be like together doing a lot of like we
pure appears in week things like
planning like hey like this week is a
very good time to pink your primary
users and these are users that like
already talked with you in the past
that's already probably committed to
usually Jessica appear or even user
results like that you can't see on
dependence on the github repo because
like then you can ask them for a lot of
feedback a lot of inputs or like things
are important for them for discussions
next week so consider opening an issue
tagging people to get out like it's a
way to welcome people to like just post
their feedback if you have open
relationships free mail also use that or
RAC that's also fine but but actually
take take a moment for them to be able
to give you some some feedback so that
you can have more informed discussions
actually yeah that's a good idea up
create data she did a thanks all right
no the questions for me next up is
Google hi guys so last week we're still
work all days of all days and a lot of
catching up and with emails and requests
and stuff also spent some time going up
some requests some of them were can easy
others not so much but yeah it's going
it's going it's going up hopefully for
all the bundle size reduction will
on the top level ripples this by the end
of the week also my Twitter the new from
guys about the amp likes and switch and
for the next week I'll be you continue
building up the requests for the bundle
sighs all the bonuses command to Asia
and also request some summary posts to
use at requests and finish the codes up
also and also probably some of the CIT
stuff I will try to apply some stuff and
let's see if we can make a decision
about that it's been a long time in the
works
any questions awesome I like Matteo is
out looks like he's looking at em plucks
issues this week
next up Alexi he's also out yep working
on Ron to be sir
IFS browser tests Volker
so yes I was also the holidays so this
is my first day because I spend like
four full days on getting my left
noodles tip-top encrypted properly so
this works now but yes I'm read a blog
post so everyone who is on Debian well
and wants to have encrypted food
petition with secure boot it will be
easy then yeah
and hopefully I will get some pictures a
between you two debian because I needed
to fix a few things and all right so I'm
not logged and I'm still catching up and
yeah I will probably is still
fine-tuning my system because I take the
time to like let me move all my
conflicts over but just incrementally so
get rid of your craft and then I will go
make to actual work and do more on the
iPhone the API stuff what I've done
before the holidays was that I got it
working the new API with the buildings
FS and now the only thing left is
getting it really worked with J's ipfs
which should hopefully be easy that's
all
questions for Volcker aside from how
many times this computer was encrypted
I'm gonna take each bounce of the hands
mean multiples of ten pretty funny if
you leave your computer a month right
now all right
mix up wrong yeah so next thing I and we
spent time so we had to do a lot of
fixing on the integration so there were
several tests that we've written locally
that weren't actually being shown in the
dash board so we did work on around the
go and some of the new browse the new
browser tests in order so that the
remote runner would actually you know
get that data into the dash board so we
did that we also updated the dash board
so there's a new look to it and it's a
lot more scalable now so as you're
adding more tests these points will just
start appearing on the dash board so if
you go there now you'll see you'll see
many more tests then worked on more
browser tests so we have several local
tests running now and then I'm not sure
what else to have but yet so the rest of
this week is more browser tests so I'm
going to work on the peer to peer
testing and get that in the dashboard
and then there's a couple go tests that
we're gonna add as well and there's
actually I mean there if you looked at
the matrix there's there's lots of tests
to be added so as I have time I'll just
keep adding to those so yeah I think
that's about it
right any questions we're on
next up Zayn welcome back yeah I know a
long time misty fell into a hole of work
doing every stuff now I have free time
again so I'm looking to jump back on
some issues if there's IPL these stuff
or ipfs things even with p2p things I'm
happy to turn upon those things so I can
take a look at the waffle board but if
there's things that are like yeah let's
do it
don't need welcome back thank you for
joining us again if they're like -
there's like one thing that jumps to my
head like when you when you go on the
air like that which is this issue or on
this app if s it is an issue that like
touches pretty much like the whole
codebase and it's something neither like
will receive appreciation from where
everyone a tribute to the project it's
the the transition to sync generators so
there is a lot of modules to be migrated
from callbacks and promises to the scene
generators in - this is like typically
like one of those types of tasks that
keeps people like a very good breath of
like exploring other parts of the cosmos
because you will be like interacting
with multiple modules if if you have the
time but but yeah like I'm sure there's
other stuff suggestion okay
sure okay okay I just want to add in
readouts of IPL D so as there weren't
any real external contributors I could
just go ahead and break things so just
and there are lots of open issues so
basically if you want to look at the
equity it's probably best to catch up
with me on IRC because like this so
that's two issues on the format's and on
the main repo about a new API and there
are review from you put the grade and
then basically all these issues that I
currently open kind of get close once
the new API Pia
API is there so it's kind of like it's
pretty hard for you to tell me now but I
hopefully will finish it within the next
two weeks
and then we dropped it everything and
then there will be more work but
currently it's just like yeah it would
be probably confusing for you just do
okay oh really
okay okay is like okay okay if you also
I also have some stuff for lip PTP at
various levels of difficulty depending
on what time you have there
I think the async iterators and I peeled
do you work would be great too alright
all right anybody else want to go
Porsche Lydell
I guess I can ask why I'm here if anyone
is using caiaphas companion you can try
the latest better and what's interesting
there is that there is a window ipfs
enable method which is like a new way of
getting an instance of ipfs
api so that that sort of landed in the
better channel and i hope to ship it to
stable by the end of the week and the
idea is to take this quarter to
transition from exposing all commands on
directly on the window IP first object
to transition to having only this Widow
activist enable method and only and make
it lazily loaded so the payload that is
injected on pages is very little and the
is no like communication established
unless application like the page
explicitly requests ipfs and that also
gives a like control for the web
developer to decide when the user will
see access prompt for granting access to
your dog note that is behind type EFS
companion so that's just like if
anyone's interesting in looking how it
could work
I also added small experiment to that
you can opt-in for getting this
experiment allen created sometime ago
I prefer sex so instead of old API you
can like add one flag and you will get
this new prototype this is like a thin
abstraction that returns more modern API
so sort of like I think you can play
with and provide some feedback on the
issue a link an issue also so if anyone
is there
awesome it was great yeah
this is Terry my camera doesn't think it
exists today but can you guys hear me
okay yeah yeah okay awesome so just
really quickly I wanted to mention on
this cause since I know we have lots of
ipfs aficionados here that the proto
school site is gonna be lunch next week
if anyone is interested in taking a look
at proto school which is live at proto
dot school that's a community education
site for those who haven't seen it yet
so interactive tutorials that are there
we can add more as we go so I'm very
open to ideas for new tutorials whether
you yourself have time to build them or
just want to submit the idea either way
it's great and if any of you are
interested in mentoring in your local
community there's an opportunity to set
up local chapters and it would be great
to have a few more of those before the
lunch next week so go to protocool
follow the instructions there and let me
know if you see a flaw in the
instructions or something that's unclear
about how you would go about setting up
a chapter but feel free to jump in there
or ping me individually I'm Terry on
slack or carry at protocol ji if anybody
has questions Thanks
awesome Terry uh erin has a hand hey
everyone my account my video is also not
digging the new year right yet so but
it's my new year's resolution to be
attending more of these these stand-ups
and meeting so just wanted to introduce
myself I guess reintroduce myself to
some people I run the infra team so if
you have in for concerns that you know
through this to end up you want to
surface and let me know give me a heads
up or have any questions I will either
attend these or be sure to watch the the
meetings if I have a scheduling conflict
so just trying to get bit more plugged
in
yay yay for in para super excited about
that it's great I think we've got a few
minutes left
does anybody else need to talk about
anything wants to talk about anything
how many questions
just came to say out loud I think I'm
getting a kick out of like just like
going through the list of people that
like use I just like cute appear as a
dependency there's like a lot of cool
projects that I never heard about he
thinks to get up hey I can learn about
them say hello you recommend I just
checking independence before just like I
POV Jess will appear in JFS thanks to
the powers of get up and an open source
code bases we actually can like who is
using things appear real thing and my
one with some good networks talking well
alright I think that is it thanks
everybody and we will see you all next
week